Hotfix/install unification and readme typo fix (#60)
courselab/snaskii21: README.md

## SETUP

> In the following section, the leading `#` in commands indicates that they require

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following section, the leading `#` in commands indicates that require
```

### Installation

> Here are some simple and straight-forward install instructions for this project.
> More detailed information can be found in the file INSTALL.
> 

Reviewer 2: Just a typo in line 36. And in line 37 you can link to the install guidelines file.

```suggestion
Here are simpler and more straight-forward install instructions for this project.
More detailed information can be found in the [install guidelines](INSTALL).

```

Finally, build the software and install it either globally or locally.

> To install the program under the system path --- usually placing the binary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the program under the system path --- usually by placing the binary
```

         -h, --help      Displays this information message
         -d, --data      Selects a non-default data path
         -v, --version   Outputs the program version
```

### Playing the game

> The game takes place on a rectangular areana where a snake continuously

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The game takes place in a rectangular arena where a snake continuously
```

> moves in one of the four directions: left, right, up and down --- it never
> stops. As the snake moves it loses energy and if all of it is exausted, the
> snake dies. To recover energy, the snake needs to eat pieces of food which

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
moves in one of the four directions: left, right, up and down. As the 
never-stopping snake moves it loses energy and, if all of it is exhausted, 
the snake dies. To recover energy, it needs to eat pieces of food that
```
